JUDY WOODRUFF: In the
day's other news: Leaders
of two Senate committees
have reached agreement
on new sanctions against Russia.
The plan, announced last night,
targets corruption, human rights
abuses and weapons shipments
to Syria.
It also requires congressional
review if a president tries to
ease or end existing sanctions.
Pentagon leaders were
criticized over not
finishing a new strategy
for the war in Afghanistan.
At a Senate hearing, Defense
Secretary James Mattis says he
will provide details next month.
Arizona Republican John McCain,
chair of the Armed Services
Committee, said it should have
been done within the
administration's first 60 days.
SEN.
JOHN MCCAIN (R), Arizona: Unless
we get a strategy from you,
you're going to get a strategy
from us.
The fact is, it's not our job.
It's not our job.
It's yours.
JAMES MATTIS, U.S.
Secretary of Defense: Sir,
I understand the urgency.
I understand it's
my responsibility.
We are not winning in
Afghanistan right now.
And we will correct this.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Secretary
Mattis had his own
complaint about Congress.
He said that -- quote -- "No
enemy has hurt combat readiness
more than the automatic spending
cuts of recent years."
Verizon completed its takeover
of Yahoo! today in a deal
valued at $4.5 billion.
Yahoo!'s news and other
offerings will be folded into a
new Verizon subsidiary called
Oath.
And on Wall Street today,
the Dow Jones industrial
average gained 92 points
to close at 21328.
The Nasdaq rose nearly
45 points, and the
S&P 500 added 11.
And the Golden State Warriors
are celebrating their second
NBA championship in three years.
They captured the title
last night in Oakland,
California, after
finishing off the Cleveland
Cavaliers in five games.
Golden State lost
to Cleveland in last
year's finals.